Revert "Update build instructions and docker file to download submodules" (#5533)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/getting_started_build_tools.md

This page describes setting up the build environment for QMK. These instructions cover AVR processors (such as the atmega32u4).

<!-- FIXME: We should have ARM instructions somewhere. -->

> Note: If it is your first time here, Check out the "Complete Newbs guide" instead

Author: ```suggestion
**Note:** If this is your first time here, check out the [Complete Newbs Guide](newbs) page.

Before continuing, check that your submodules (third-party libraries) are up to date by running `make git-submodule`.
```
@metaflow Does this look good?
